Objects - objects are similar to arrays in that they are both containers for information. While arrays contain separate items that are related to each other in some way (a list of fruits, names of people in this class, etc.), objects go into more detail and contain a whole bunch of information about one item. Like, an array would list things like const fruits['apple', 'orange', 'banana'], an object might contain details about one particular fruit. Like const banana = { color: yellow, peel: non-edible, etc. }.

Properties are the details about each object. In the above example, 'color' would be a property of the banana.

Methods are functions which are defined in an object. So instead of having an object which just lists details about a particular item, you could have an object which defines a function, and then later call that function using the object name and the method/function name. It's kind of like those nesting dolls - you put the function inside of the object and then refer to them together later.

For...in loops are used to repeat instructions over and over again for each item (property, method) in an object. They are similar to for loops that are used with arrays but have to work a bit differently since the items contained within objects are not numbered or indexed like they are in arrays. Remember that in arrays, each item can be referred to by array[i], where i is the index number of the items inside. So if you want the first item in the array, you ask for array[0]. With objects, you can use the key, or property, of each item instead of an index number to refer to that item, and then have the computer keep looping through all the keys until it finds what you are looking for.

When coding in Javascript, you can use either dot notation or bracket notation to access properties of objects. With dot notation you might ask for banana.color, while with bracket notation you would ask for banana[color]. Dot notation is simpler and easier to read but there are times when bracket notation might be helpful. For example, if you are using special characters which have a certain meaning in your script, you would want to use brackets which can contain the special characters as part of a string. You can also use bracket notation when dealing with property names containing variables. This will become more important as we go along. 

