Arrays

Whereas strings, booleans, and numbers are data types, arrays are data structures.
Arrays can hold collections of similar or related data. 
    For example, a list of important numbers, or the names of employees in a business.
This allows us to track several data points with just one variable.

To build an array, first declare your variable.
Second, use your assignment operator to set the variable to an array with two brackets ("[]").
Third, inside the brackets, list your data points, separated by commas.

Example:
    const passengerNames = ['Jack', 'Kate', 'James', 'Hugo', 'John', 'Claire']


Arrays have many methods which allow us to easily manipulate, modify, and analyze an array's data points.
Methods can tell us how many data points are in the array, which data points 


Arrays have many built-in methods that allow us to manipulate, modify, and access the items inside. Their syntax is similar to the dot notation of the .length() method.

The items in an array are indexed numerically, with the first item starting at 0.
    Note, however, the .length() method begins counting at 1.
    Therefore, the final item in an array with a length of 4 would be indexed as 3.

Knowing how the index works is crucial to accessing items in the array:

First, name the variable of your array.
Second, without spaces, add brackets containing the index number of the item you wish to access.

    Example:
        return passengerNames[2];  // This would return 'James' from the array above.

We can also access the last item in the array without knowing its index number using the .length() method.

    Example:
        return passengerNames[passengerNames - 1]; // -1 because indexing starts at 0 and length starts at 1
                                                  // This would return 'Claire' from the array above.


for loops can also be used to iterate over items in an array.

For example, we may want to find a specific item, print all the items, or perform math functions using items in the array.

One data structure similar to the array, and useful to know when working with arrays, is "arguments".
    "Arguments" contains all o the arguments passed into a function.
    While "arguments" doesn't have all of the same methods as proper arrays, .length() will allow us to use a for loop to iterate over every item passed to the function.